DOC Audit security config change (#66839)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/auditing/ignore-policy.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[[audit-log-ignore-policy]]
=== Logfile audit events ignore policies

The comprehensive audit trail is necessary to ensure accountability. It offers tremendous
value during incident response and can even be required for demonstrating compliance.

The drawback of an audited system is represented by the inevitable performance penalty incurred.
In all truth, the audit trail spends _I/O ops_ that are not available anymore for the user's queries.
Sometimes the verbosity of the audit trail may become a problem that the event type restrictions,
<<audit-log-settings, defined by `include` and `exclude`>>, will not alleviate.

*Audit events ignore policies* are a finer way to tune the verbosity of the audit trail.
These policies define rules that match audit events which will be _ignored_ (read as: not printed).

> Rules match on the values of attributes of audit events and complement the <<audit-log-settings, include/exclude>> method.

Reviewer: Since you had this link in the previous paragraph already, I don't think it's needed here:
```suggestion
Rules match on the values of attributes of audit events and complement the `include` or `exclude` method.
```

With a sole exception, all audit events are subject to the ignore policies.
The exception are events of type `security_config_change`, which cannot be filtered out,
unless excluded altogether.

IMPORTANT: When utilizing audit events ignore policies you are acknowledging potential
accountability gaps that could render illegitimate actions undetectable.
Please take time to review these policies whenever your system architecture changes.

A policy is a named set of filter rules. Each filter rule applies to a single event attribute,
one of the `users`, `realms`, `roles` or `indices` attributes. The filter rule defines
a list of <<regexp-syntax,Lucene regexp>>, *any* of which has to match the value of the audit
event attribute for the rule to match.
A policy matches an event if *all* the rules comprising it match the event.
An audit event is ignored, therefore not printed, if it matches *any* policy. All other
non-matching events are printed as usual.

All policies are defined under the `xpack.security.audit.logfile.events.ignore_filters`
settings namespace. For example, the following policy named _example1_ matches

> events from the _kibana_system_ or _admin_user_ principals **and** operating over indices of the

Author: Neither, it's the principals that operate. The phrasing was forced because I tried to fit in the "and" keyword. I've rewritten it, hope it makes more sense like this: 
```
-events from the _kibana_system_ or _admin_user_ principals **and** operating over indices of the
+events from the _kibana_system_ or _admin_user_ principals that operate over indices of the
```
